I had a beautiful and terrifying dream this morning. 

At the beginning, I was hiding in some rubble in an urban area
reminiscent of Warsaw at the end of World War 2, peeking out at a street
where a line of armored vehicles rolled by.

The dream shifted, and I was a member of an extremely long-lived tribe of star travellers who had been hunted nearly to extinction by a very patient, methodical adversary - a notion which I had doubtless picked up from the shatterlings of Alastair Reynolds' book *House of Suns*. 

Myself and my lover, the last of our people, had hidden together as songbirds on a garden planet of special significance to our people. The assassins kept special watch here, pretending to be stewards but secretly waiting and watching to make sure that none of us remained. One day an ally arrived to mourn our passing, in the form of a young woman. We waited and watched for the right time to let her know that we were still alive. In the moment that we revealed ourselves to her, we became toys in an old house, cast off by the girl at the end of childhood and now revisited in her time of mourning.  She slept in her old bed, surrounded by her toys, and we told her not to let the assassin know that we were really the last of her friends. She was careful to treat us just like her other toys, leaving us under the bed at times, etc, and we began to hope that enough time might pass without event for our guardian to lose interest. One day the girl left me on her bed, as a stuffed monkey, tucked half under the covers like a person, as she visited the bathroom before sleep. I gazed out across the room, and saw the guardian's cat in the door, looking back at me with interest. It scurried away silently and was replaced just as silently by the guardian itself. It intended to squash my mind without letting on to the woman that it knew, leaving me as just a toy and her perhaps wondering if she had imagined my presense within. Terror! Waking up!

